Q1 what are the requirements for applying for a job || Do I need to submit any document for applying for a job || requirement for a job application
Ans you have to fill in the details in the form which automatically creates a resume and then answer the questions by the organization then you can apply for the job posting.

Q2 from where can I make a resume || is there any support available to help with a resume || help resume 
Ans Our portal has features that help in building a resume for you according to the details that you fill in the form. You can navigate to that option by going to the resume tool option in the n navigation bar.

Q3 how will I know if I get selected for a job || application status
Ans you will receive e notification on the portal if you get selected for a job.

Q4 how can I see the progress of the application for the job that I posted || job posting progress 
Ans you can view the progress by going on the dashboard which shows details like the number of opportunities you posted and, progress made by applicants i.e. resumes uploaded, etc. based on which you can then shortlist candidates.

Q5 how much time it takes to register a new user || new user registration time
Ans Registration is very quick, as soon as a new user or organization fills in the detail it registers the user.

Q6 What is your objective || your objective 
Project SEVA aims to provide a platform for retired and discharged officers to avail of job opportunities that make it easy for them to explore and grab opportunities. At the same time, it helps organizations get experienced employees for the organizations.

Q7 When were you made  
Ans I was made as a result of a project a 48 hours Poornima hackathon 2023, where Akshay Kumar goyal, Taaran Jain, Abhijeth Pillai, and Navdeep Doriya made me their project for the hackathon.

Q8 can I edit my resume more than once
Ans Yes, you can edit your resume as many times as you want; each time you change those details, it will get automatically updated. 

Q9. from where can I get details to contact the admin 
Ans the contact information can be accessed from the contact tab.








